GOAL
Every opportunity figure in this application is ranked on REVENUE. With BOM
cost now loaded, that is the wrong sort key.

Gross contribution varies enormously by segment - PTMT runs at roughly 76%,
Garden Pipe at roughly 14%. Ranked on revenue, a rupee of Garden Pipe counts
the same as a rupee of PTMT. On contribution they are five times apart. The
field is currently being pointed at items in the wrong order.

This is a sort key and a column. It is not a redesign.

WHERE TO APPLY IT
Add gross contribution alongside net value, and make it the DEFAULT sort, on:

  SKU push list          per-distributor peer-cohort recommendations
  SKU recommendations    the headroom ranking
  Master Growth Report   the opportunity ledger, all five levers
  Lost codes             the recovery list
  Distributor deep dive  SKU spread and range gap tables

Search for any other ranking that sorts on net or sale_value and report what
you find. Do not change them without telling me first.

THE CALCULATION
  contribution_per_unit = avg_sale - bom_cost
  contribution_pct      = (avg_sale - bom_cost) / avg_sale
  opportunity_contribution = opportunity_qty x contribution_per_unit

Use the trailing 12 months of margin_fact, volume-weighted, per item code.
Where a code has margin data in some months only, use what exists and report
the coverage.

KEEP BOTH COLUMNS VISIBLE
Never replace net value with contribution. Show both. A salesperson needs the
rupee value for the conversation with the distributor and the contribution to
know which item to raise first. Removing revenue would make the push list
harder to use, not easier.

Default sort is contribution descending. Net value remains sortable.

WHERE THERE IS NO COST
Codes with no margin_fact rows must show "no cost data" and sort LAST, not
zero. A code sorting to the bottom because its cost is unknown is correct;
one sorting to the bottom because contribution computed as zero is a lie.

Print the count of codes affected and their share of the ranked value, so the
size of the blind spot is visible on the page.

LABELLING - get this right
BOM cost is FACTORY cost. No freight, no overhead, no SG&A.

Label every derived figure GROSS CONTRIBUTION. Never "margin", never "profit",
never "GP" unqualified. Add a one-line note wherever it appears: "Gross
contribution - factory cost only. Not profit."

Six existing deliverables state that margin cannot be computed anywhere in
this application. That is about to stop being true, and the difference
between gross contribution and profit is exactly where someone will
over-claim.

DO NOT
- Do not change any net or quantity figure. This adds a column and a sort.
- Do not change the scheme engine in this task. Extra Earn stays as it is;
  scheme profitability is a separate piece of work.
- Do not change any total. The Master Growth Report headline stays
  Rs 9.67 Cr on revenue; contribution is shown alongside, not instead.

VERIFY - produced values, and a hash that resolves
1. For the SKU push list on one distributor with good margin coverage, print
   the top 10 ranked by NET and the top 10 ranked by CONTRIBUTION, side by
   side. They should differ materially. If the two lists are nearly identical,
   the contribution figure is not being applied.
2. Print segment-level contribution% as the ranking sees it, and confirm it
   matches the loaded margin data - PTMT high, Garden Pipe low.
3. Count of codes in the ranked output with no cost data, and their share of
   total ranked net.
4. Confirm every net and quantity figure on those pages is UNCHANGED. Print
   one page's totals before and after.
5. Confirm the Master Growth Report headline is still Rs 9.67 Cr post-dedup.
6. Paste the rendered label text wherever contribution appears, confirming it
   reads "gross contribution" and carries the factory-cost note.
7. List every file changed.
8. Commit hash, git cat-file -t, git merge-base --is-ancestor <hash> main
   with exit code.