Do not lift the pause. The loader is probably right, but the evidence given is
circular, and if it is wrong the sync silently replaces correct rows with wrong
ones at scale. Verify against SAP first, on the 110.

WHY THE PROOF IS CIRCULAR

You concluded "loader correct, DB wrong" from:
  sheetLitres / perTankLitres = computedQty = SAP qty

But sheetLitres / perTankLitres IS the loader's own formula. Showing that the
loader agrees with itself proves it divides correctly - it does NOT prove its
qty equals what SAP billed. The two middle terms are the same source.

Meanwhile the SAME 110 rows were part of the Tier A fix, which you verified
earlier by matching DB qty to SAP qty to the rupee. So:
  - hand-fix claimed DB qty == SAP qty   (you verified it then)
  - loader claims DB qty != SAP qty       (now)
for identical rows. Both cannot be SAP-correct. One of the two SAP comparisons
is wrong, and I cannot tell which from what has been shown.

THE ONE CHECK THAT SETTLES IT - SHOW THE ACTUAL SAP QUANTITY

For all 110 disputed rows, pull the real SAP QUANTITY column - not
sheetLitres/perTankLitres, the actual integer in SAP's Quantity field - and put
three numbers side by side:

  invoice, code, amount
  SAP Quantity (the billed piece count, read from the SAP sheet)
  loader qty
  current DB qty

Then classify:
  - SAP == loader, DB differs   -> loader right, DB was wrong. Confirmed.
  - SAP == DB, loader differs    -> loader has a bug. Do NOT enable it.
  - SAP == neither               -> both wrong, stop and investigate.

Show all 110, or if that is long, show 20 plus the count in each of the three
buckets. I expect loader-right, but expect is not verified, and this is the
row-level truth from the billing master.

THE LIKELY MECHANISM - which supports the loader, but confirm it

62600007 WT-4LL-10 at 3,000L: loader says 3 pieces, DB says 6. If the invoice
has TWO WT-4LL-10 lines - say one of 3,000L and another the fix conflated - the
old invoice+code match (no amount) could have summed or mispicked them, exactly
the multi-variant collision that has bitten us repeatedly. The loader's
invoice+code+amount key would resolve it correctly. That story fits - so the
amount column in SAP for these rows is the thing to check: does the disputed
row's amount match ONE SAP line whose qty equals the loader's number?

WHY THIS MATTERS MORE THAN USUAL

Once the pause is off, the sync tombstones the 110 and re-inserts - with no
dry-run gate, because the gate was the pause. If the loader is right, that is
the fix completing itself, good. If the loader is wrong, 110 SAP-correct rows
are silently replaced with wrong ones and every future sync re-asserts the
error. The downside is asymmetric and the sync is the hard-to-reverse step.
Ten minutes of SAP verification against a decision that rewrites verified data
is cheap.

AFTER SAP CONFIRMS - then, and only then

If SAP confirms loader-right on the 110: lift the pause, run one sync, re-run
the dry-run, confirm qtyMismatches = 0 and a second tick is a no-op. Then
FY2025-26 - but note it has NO SAP, so its rows go Route 2 (division) with no
external anchor at all. Before un-pausing 25-26, confirm its division produces
clean integers on every tank row and flag any that do not - Route 2 has only
internal consistency to stand on, so the flagged exceptions are where any error
will hide.

CONSTRAINTS: read-only SAP verification, no writes, pause STAYS ON until the
110 are confirmed against SAP row by row. Then lift.

Report the 110-row SAP comparison first.